# Web activity investigation

The questions below are from the BOTSv2 dataset, questions 100-104. Some additional questions were added. 

The focus is on Amber Turing and her communication with a competitor.

**Amber Turing was hoping for Frothly to be acquired by a potential competitor which fell through, but visited their website to find contact information for their executive team. What is the website domain that she visited?**

    index="botsv2" 10.0.2.101 sourcetype="stream:HTTP" "beer" | dedup site | table site   

Answer: `www.berkbeer.com`

**Amber found the executive contact information and emailed him. What image file displayed the executive's contact information? Answer example: `/path/image.ext`**

    index="botsv2" 10.0.2.101 sourcetype="stream:HTTP" "www.berkbeer.com" | table uri_path

Answer: `/images/ceoberk.png`

**What is the CEO's name? Provide the first and last name.**

    index="botsv2" sourcetype="stream:smtp" "*berkbeer.com"

One of the results is an email sent from `mberk@berkbeer.com`. Expand the `content_body` field:

Answer: `Martin Berk`

**What is the CEO's email address?**

Answer: `mberk@berkbeer.com`

**After the initial contact with the CEO, Amber contacted another employee at this competitor. What is that employee's email address?**

Answer: `hbernhard@berkbeer.com`

**What is the name of the file attachment that Amber sent to a contact at the competitor?**

    index="botsv2" sourcetype="stream:smtp" "amber" 

Answer: `Saccharomyces_cerevisiae_patent.docx`

**What is Amber's personal email address?**

In the email reply to `hbernhard@berkbeer.com`, under content_body, it is base64 encoded in the field 
`content_transfer_encoding`. Decode the content body.    

Answer: `ambersthebest@yeastiebeastie.com`
