# Detecting SQL and XSS web application attacks

**What version of TOR Browser did Amber install to obfuscate her web browsing? Answer guidance: Numeric with one or more delimiter.**

    index="botsv2" amber tor.exe 

Look at the `process` field. There is an event showing the `tor.exe` 
installation file name which has the version ID `torbrowser-install-7.0.4_en-US.exe`.

Answer: `7.0.4`

**What is the public IPv4 address of the server running www.brewertalk.com?**

    index="botsv2" sourcetype="stream:HTTP" "www.brewertalk.com"

Answer: `52.42.208.228`

**Provide the IP address of the system used to run a web vulnerability scan against www.brewertalk.com.**

Same query. Use the `src_ip` field. It is the address making the most requests. Drill down into its `form_data` 
and some attempts at sql injection appear.

Answer: `45.77.65.211`

**The IP address from Q#2 is also being used by a likely different piece of software to attack a URI path. What is the URI path? Answer guidance: Include the leading forward slash in your answer. Do not include the query string or other parts of the URI. Answer example: `/phpinfo.php`**

Look at the URI path.

Answer: `/member.php`

**What SQL function is being abused on the URI path from the previous question?**

Check the `form_data`. There is an `updatexml`.

Answer: `updatexml`

**What was the value of the cookie that Kevin's browser transmitted to the malicious URL as part of an XSS attack? Answer guidance: All digits. Not the cookie name or symbols like an equal sign.**

    index="botsv2" kevin sourcetype="stream:HTTP" tag=error | table cookie

Answer: `1502408189`

**What brewertalk.com username was maliciously created by a spear phishing attack?**

The attacker stole Kevin's CSRF token (`1bc3eab741900ab25c98eee86bf20feb`) and performed a trick from domain 
squatters by using a homograph attack.

    index="botsv2" 1bc3eab741900ab25c98eee86bf20feb sourcetype="stream:HTTP" brewertalk.com | table form_data

Answer: `klagerfield`